Static DNR rules with unrecognized keys loaded (#34522)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/128/index.md

- Adds the ability to enable and disable rules in static declarative net request rulesets with {{WebExtAPIRef("declarativeNetRequest.updateStaticRules")}} and list disabled rules for a static ruleset with {{WebExtAPIRef("declarativeNetRequest.getDisabledRuleIds")}} ([Firefox bug 1810762](https://bugzil.la/1810762))
- The default value of {{WebExtAPIRef("proxy.settings")}} property `proxyDNS` is now `false` when using SOCKS4 and `true` when using SOCKS5. Previously, it defaulted to `false` for SOCKS4 and SOCKS5 ([Firefox bug 1741375](https://bugzil.la/1741375)).
- The non-standard Web API events `overflow` and `underflow` have been deprecated. Use of these events should be removed from extension documents before the release of Firefox 131 ([Firefox bug 1898445](https://bugzil.la/1898445)).

> - Firefox now loads static declarative net request rules, those rules defined with the [`declarative_net_request` manifest key](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/declarative_net_request), when a rule file contains unrecognized properties ([Firefox bug 1886608](https://bugzil.la/1886608).

Author: ```suggestion
- A static declarative net request rule, one defined through the [`declarative_net_request` manifest key](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/declarative_net_request), is now loaded when it contains unrecognized properties but is otherwise valid ([Firefox bug 1886608](https://bugzil.la/1886608).
```

> - A static declarative net request rule, one defined through the [`declarative_net_request` manifest key](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/declarative_net_request), is now loaded when it contains unrecognized properties but is otherwise valid ([Firefox bug 1886608](https://bugzil.la/1886608).

Reviewer: Nit: could you move it up to be next to the other DNR change, so that it's grouped together?

Author: Done :-)
